README.md, before:

# RFX Blender Asset Library
 A fully open source modeling, geonodes, and shader library for Blender!
 Designed with an emphasis on science fiction and hard surface modeling, but contains a diverse range of essential tools. Designed for use with Blender 4.0 and the newly-added asset library feature.

 All assets are free to use, modify, and redistribute as you please. This toolkit is intended to provide a standard universal toolkit for all creators, regardless of background.

Highlights include:
- Circular array modifier (see "Simple Angular Array")
- Inset Faces geometry node implementation
- Curve deformation modifier
- Full set of easing nodes

### Contents
- Nodes
	- Geometry
		- Modifiers
			- Frame Resizing
				- Frame Extend
				- Advanced Frame Resize
				- Directional Frame Resize
			- Arrays
				- Simple Angular Array
					> Arranges n instances of an object around its center point. Argued by some to be the most useful item in this entire toolkit.
				- Fully Interpolated Array
					> An array modifier which interpolates completely between two positions and rotations.
				- Array
					> A simple array modifier implemented in geometry nodes.
				- Array Fill
					> An array modifier node which attempts to fill an exact cuboid with instances of the input mesh.
			- Deformations
				- Fit Bounding Box
					> Scales a mesh along the XYZ axes to fit a bounding box.
				- Cast to Sphere
					> scales the distance of each vertex of a mesh from the center to lie along a perfect sphere.
				- Curve Deform
					> Deforms a given mesh along one of the major axes to conform to a curve.
			- Curve Tools
				- Bezier Debug Visualization
					> A modifier which constructs a mesh to visualize all control points of a Bezier curve.
				- Join Bezier Curves
					> Joins Bezier curves end-to-end. Preserves control points, radius, and tilt. Does not necessarily preserve other attributes yet. Does not work well with other types of curves.
				- Join Poly Curves
					> Joins poly curves end-to-end with new edges. Preserves radius and tilt. Does not preserve other attributes yet. Converts all other curves to minimum-resolution polyline versions.
				- Set Bezier Point (+relative)
					> Combines full control of Bezier curve control nodes and associated left/right control points by index. The relative variant uses relative positions and is the recommended form for manual operation.
			- Effect
				- Cable
					> Converts a curve into a mesh with multiple wound strands. Ideal for simple rope and steel cable.
				- Chain Along Curve
					> Converts a curve into a set of chain link instances roughly aligned along its length.
				- Dotted Line
					> Converts a curve into a series of dashed mesh tubes with rounded ends. YMMV
			- Misc
				- Inset Faces
					> Attempts to replicate the equivalent mesh editing tool as a geometry node. Method used is vertex sliding along edge cross tangents.
				- Instance Along Curve
					> Instantiates objects onto a curve facing along the tangent.
		- Utilities
			- Proximity Select
			- Sample Nearest Point
			- To Global Coords
				> Converts a coordinate vector to its global environment equivalent using transformation information about an object. WIP.
			- Advanced Bounding Box
				> Constructs a bounding box around a mesh and returns information about it. Includes dimensions and instance realization as well as vanilla features.
		- Math
			- Alternate
				> Alternates between true and false at regular intervals of the input factor.
			- Approach
				> Returns a value closer to the target than the input by a maximum of an exact delta. Snapes to the target when the delta exceeds distance to the target.
			- Calc Array Fill
				> Calculates information used to fill a cuboid volume with smaller cuboids.
			- Project to Plane
				> Projects a vector onto the plane of the specified normal vector.
			- Mix 3
			- Rectangle
			- Triple Switch
			- Triple Switch Vector
			- Vector Coordinate System Transform
			- Vector Select
				> Selects a single component of a vector given an input of 0-2.
			- Vector Swizzle
				> Shuffles vector components.
		- Primitive
			- Advanced Circle
				> Constructs a mesh circle with additional options to exactly match a specified surface area, average radius, or other parameters.
			- Arrow Primitive
				> Constructs a simple arrow mesh pointing along a specified vector. Primarily a debug utility.
			- Bezier Arc
				> Constructs an approximate arc of a circle using bezier curves.
			- Bezier Circle
				> Constructs a standard approximate bezier circle.
			- Capsule
				> Constructs a simple capsule mesh.
			- Circle of Circles
				> Constructs a set of mesh circles with centers lying at regular intervals along the perimeter of a specified circle. By default, the smaller circles will be scaled to touch edges.
			- Curve Stadium
				> Constructs a geometric stadium shape ( see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stadium_(geometry) ) using Bezier curves.
			- Gear Primitive
				> Constructs a simple gear mesh with the specified number and interval of teeth.
			- Mesh Volumetric Grid
				> Constructs a cubic lattice of interconnected points with a specified resolution and size.
			- Roundcube
				> Constructs a sphere using subdivided cube topology.
	- Shading
	- Full easing nodes as defined by https://easings.net/
		> The geometry node versions are prefixed with a capital G.
- Meshes
	- Bolt Heads
		- Phillips
		- Slotted
		- Hex
	- Scaffolding unit
		> Full high resolution model heavily based on modern tower cranes.
	> Further catalogue to be written as mesh collection expands.
- Materials
	- Basic metals
		- Gold
		- Copper
		- Cobalt
	- Textured metals
		- Beaten copper
		- Weathered Aluminium
			> Visibly crystallized. Based on exposed infrastructural aluminium poles, such as flag poles, traffic lights, and sign posts.
		- Cast Iron
		- Cast Aluminium

Special thanks to @NinthDesertDude for assistance, direct contributions, and emotional support. ❤

Commit message:

Alpha content update 3
+ Additional greebles
+ 2 Scaffolds
* Edited readme eul

README.md, after:

# RFX Blender Asset Library
 A fully open source modeling, geonodes, and shader library for Blender!
 Designed with an emphasis on science fiction and hard surface modeling, but contains a diverse range of essential tools. Designed for use with Blender 4.0 and the newly-added asset library feature.

 All assets are free to use, modify, and redistribute as you please. This toolkit is intended to provide a standard universal toolkit for all creators, regardless of background. Suggestions are more than welcome!

 Asset contributions are also accepted with the only caveat that submitting them grants permission to all users of this library now and in the future to do as they please with them, in the spirit of open collaboration. Attribution will be provided in this readme.

Highlights include:
- Circular array modifier (see "Simple Angular Array")
- Inset Faces geometry node implementation
- Curve deformation modifier
- Full set of easing nodes

### Contents
- Nodes
	- Geometry
		- Modifiers
			- Frame Resizing
				- Frame Extend
				- Advanced Frame Resize
				- Directional Frame Resize
			- Arrays
				- Simple Angular Array
					> Arranges n instances of an object around its center point. Argued by some to be the most useful item in this entire toolkit.
				- Fully Interpolated Array
					> An array modifier which interpolates completely between two positions and rotations.
				- Array
					> A simple array modifier implemented in geometry nodes.
				- Array Fill
					> An array modifier node which attempts to fill an exact cuboid with instances of the input mesh.
			- Deformations
				- Fit Bounding Box
					> Scales a mesh along the XYZ axes to fit a bounding box.
				- Cast to Sphere
					> scales the distance of each vertex of a mesh from the center to lie along a perfect sphere.
				- Curve Deform
					> Deforms a given mesh along one of the major axes to conform to a curve.
			- Curve Tools
				- Bezier Debug Visualization
					> A modifier which constructs a mesh to visualize all control points of a Bezier curve.
				- Join Bezier Curves
					> Joins Bezier curves end-to-end. Preserves control points, radius, and tilt. Does not necessarily preserve other attributes yet. Does not work well with other types of curves.
				- Join Poly Curves
					> Joins poly curves end-to-end with new edges. Preserves radius and tilt. Does not preserve other attributes yet. Converts all other curves to minimum-resolution polyline versions.
				- Set Bezier Point (+relative)
					> Combines full control of Bezier curve control nodes and associated left/right control points by index. The relative variant uses relative positions and is the recommended form for manual operation.
			- Effect
				- Cable
					> Converts a curve into a mesh with multiple wound strands. Ideal for simple rope and steel cable.
				- Chain Along Curve
					> Converts a curve into a set of chain link instances roughly aligned along its length.
				- Dotted Line
					> Converts a curve into a series of dashed mesh tubes with rounded ends. YMMV
			- Misc
				- Inset Faces
					> Attempts to replicate the equivalent mesh editing tool as a geometry node. Method used is vertex sliding along edge cross tangents.
				- Instance Along Curve
					> Instantiates objects onto a curve facing along the tangent.
		- Utilities
			- Proximity Select
			- Sample Nearest Point
			- To Global Coords
				> Converts a coordinate vector to its global environment equivalent using transformation information about an object. WIP.
			- Advanced Bounding Box
				> Constructs a bounding box around a mesh and returns information about it. Includes dimensions and instance realization as well as vanilla features.
		- Math
			- Alternate
				> Alternates between true and false at regular intervals of the input factor.
			- Approach
				> Returns a value closer to the target than the input by a maximum of an exact delta. Snapes to the target when the delta exceeds distance to the target.
			- Calc Array Fill
				> Calculates information used to fill a cuboid volume with smaller cuboids.
			- Project to Plane
				> Projects a vector onto the plane of the specified normal vector.
			- Mix 3
			- Rectangle
			- Triple Switch
			- Triple Switch Vector
			- Vector Coordinate System Transform
			- Vector Select
				> Selects a single component of a vector given an input of 0-2.
			- Vector Swizzle
				> Shuffles vector components.
		- Primitive
			- Advanced Circle
				> Constructs a mesh circle with additional options to exactly match a specified surface area, average radius, or other parameters.
			- Arrow Primitive
				> Constructs a simple arrow mesh pointing along a specified vector. Primarily a debug utility.
			- Bezier Arc
				> Constructs an approximate arc of a circle using bezier curves.
			- Bezier Circle
				> Constructs a standard approximate bezier circle.
			- Capsule
				> Constructs a simple capsule mesh.
			- Circle of Circles
				> Constructs a set of mesh circles with centers lying at regular intervals along the perimeter of a specified circle. By default, the smaller circles will be scaled to touch edges.
			- Curve Stadium
				> Constructs a geometric stadium shape ( see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stadium_(geometry) ) using Bezier curves.
			- Gear Primitive
				> Constructs a simple gear mesh with the specified number and interval of teeth.
			- Mesh Volumetric Grid
				> Constructs a cubic lattice of interconnected points with a specified resolution and size.
			- Roundcube
				> Constructs a sphere using subdivided cube topology.
	- Shading
	- Full easing nodes as defined by https://easings.net/
		> The geometry node versions are prefixed with a capital G.
- Meshes
	- Bolt Heads
		- Phillips
		- Slotted
		- Hex
	- Scaffolding unit
		> Full high resolution model heavily based on modern tower cranes.
	> Further catalogue to be written as mesh collection expands.
- Materials
	- Basic metals
		- Gold
		- Copper
		- Cobalt
	- Textured metals
		- Beaten copper
		- Weathered Aluminium
			> Visibly crystallized. Based on exposed infrastructural aluminium poles, such as flag poles, traffic lights, and sign posts.
		- Cast Iron
		- Cast Aluminium

Special thanks to @NinthDesertDude for assistance, direct contributions, and emotional support. ❤
